CISC 3300 SP24 
Homework 1 
1. What is HTML? What does it do? 
 HTML is a markup language that helps programmers make the structure of a website and the elements that users can interact with.

2. Access https://www.fordham.edu/. In your own words, describe how this webpage uses structure to convey meaning and navigation options to the user.

How Fordham uses its website in a way that makes it not only easy to understand where you need to go but also every
 link leads to key sections that aren’t hard to get to.
 For example their Academics tab helps students find links to Undergraduate and Graduate schools 
 which can help them figure out which campus is best for them. 
 Student Life also features many different tabs for students to 
 view that will help them get a better idea of how campus life is like and also warns them of Public Safety,
  Health and Wellness. Finally, features like "Find a Degree," "Find People," "Apply," "Visit," "Give," and “News” 
  are readily accessible, which caters to students and donors alike.  
 
3. What is an HTML element? Tag? Attribute? 

A HTML element is a collection of start and end tags with the content inserted between them. 
A tag acts as a sort of container with an example being <p> being an opening tag and <p/> being a closing tag 
which essentially is the idea of a markup. Finally an Attribute not only tells us more about the elements 
but it also provides additional information about the contents of an element. 
 
4. What does it mean when an element has semantic meaning? And structural meaning? 

When an element has semantic meaning it means that it is able to convey meaning by their element type.
 Also Structural elements with meaning have an effect on the structure of a page. 

5. What is the default behavior when submitting a HTML form? 

When submitting a HTML form if there is a action attribute then the default behavior is to send it to the url 

6. Create a webpage for a fake business of your choosing. It should have: 
a. an h1 element with the title of the business 
b. a p element with a description of the business 
c. a subsection with a sub heading and p element describing that section 
d. create an images directory and put a relevant image in the directory, include that image on the webpage via a src attribute with a relative path. 
e. a contact form which should have: 
i. a text input element for first name with a label 
ii. a text input element for last name with a label 
iii. an email element with a label 
iv. a submit element with a value of “Submit” 
Please create a directory called homework-1 in your local repository, include a .txt file with the answers for questions 1-5 and an .html file for question 6 on submission.
