CISC 3300 S25 
Homework 5 
1. What is the DOM? What is meant by the DOM tree? 
The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface for web documents which represents the page so that programs can change the document structure, style, and content. The Dom Tree is a model that is stored in the browsers' memory and consists of four main types of nodes such as the document node in the page, the element nodes in individual elements, the attribute nodes or better known as attributes and text nodes or better known as text.
2. What is an XSS attack? How do they work? How can you guard against them? 

XSS attacks is when a malicious user adds code to an input that is eventually generated as html, that code could potentially be run for different users.

3. What is an event in JavaScript? What kind of events can you respond to with code? 
A JavaScript event is an action that takes place inside an application or web page, like clicking on an element, dragging the mouse, hitting a key, or bringing up a page. These kinds of events allow us to respond to user actions and interactions and create dynamic and interactive websites.

4. How does a DOM eventListener work? What are the parameters it is expecting? 
It sets up a Sets up a function that will be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target and listens for the event by name. The parameters for a DomEventListener is document.getElementById('event-listener').addEventListener('click' -> preferred 

5. What is jQuery? Why use it? How do we load jQuery onto a page? 
jQuery is a JavaScript library designed to simplify HTML, DOM (Document Object Model) manipulation, and event handling, CSS animations, and Ajax. At the time, the jQuery library shortened the syntax and simplified the code, making it easy to understand and increased web developer productivity. Why you use Jquery is because it makes our lives easier when doing common HTML/CSS/JS tasks.  You can load JQuery onto a page using a script search such as <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.min.js"></script>

6. What is AJAX? JSON? The HTTP method types and what they do? 
AJAX allows web pages to be updated asynchronously by exchanging data with a web server behind the scenes. This means that it is possible to update parts of a web page, without reloading the whole page. JSON is a text-based data format following JavaScript object syntax that uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays (or other serializable values). 
HTTP Method Types and What they do:
GET - should only ever retrieve data
POST - submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server - usually creating a new resource
PUT - method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload - update everything for a resource
PATCH - partially modify a resource - not really used much, put is more common for modifying resources
DELETE - delete a resource
